we they just outworked us in their past
next year
playing selfish
obviously you guys start off the season
with a great win
northeast one of the best in the state
what makes you guys the best in the
state how are you going to rebound
this thing we just have a lot of weapons
like we just and fed up with today we
have a lot of lovely to play a team
player the ball
as soon as we
also becomes
now let's get to it right now
see Joel's price
Xavier so they can
that's played out almost like and now
sterling obviously you committed Simon
steel to Maryland tell me a little bit
about the decision
Oh Jerry where you see it close with a
lot of passion I'll play with a lot of
passion so I think that definitely works
out well I mean I think I should I
should be able to do other obviously
this for me at least a puzzle for 2011
possibly does computer where you thought
some possibly adding Desmond to math I
think we are really
he finishes a lot and he's still getting
better so and his body and his body
still come along so you should do sounds
good last thing what's one thing most
people don't know about you
a rat trap oh it's time for the Roosters
calm here with Dallas anger sterling
Gibbs